Add documentation (#35)
jolicode/castor: doc/02-exec.md

## Exec function

Castor provides a `Castor\exec` function to execute commands. It allows to run a sub process and execute whatever you want.

```php
<?php

> use Castor\Attribute\AskTask;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use Castor\Attribute\AsTask;
```

use function Castor\exec;

> #[AskTask]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#[AsTask]
```

function foo(): void
{
    exec('echo "bar"');
    exec(['echo', 'bar']);
}
```

> You can pass a string or an array of string for this command, when using a string, it will use the shell to execute the command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pass a string or an array of string for this command. When passing a string, arguments will not be escaped - use it carefully.
```

### Process object

Under the hood, Castor uses the `Symfony\Component\Process\Process` object to execute the command. The `exec` function will return

> this object. So you can use the API of this object to interact with the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this object. So you can use the API of this class to interact with the process.
```

> this object. So you can use the API of this object to interact with the process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
this object. So you can use the API of this object to interact with the process:
```

```php

> #[AskTask]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#[AsTask]
```

function foo(): void
{
    $process = exec('echo "bar"');
    $process->isSuccessful(); // will return true
}
```

### Failure

> By default, Castor will throw an exception if the command fails. You can disable that by setting the `allowFailure` option to `true`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, Castor will throw an exception if the command fails. You can disable that by setting the `allowFailure` option to `true`:
```

```php

> #[AskTask]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#[AsTask]
```

function foo(): void
{
    exec('a_command_that_does_not_exist', allowFailure: true);
}
```

### Working directory

By default, Castor will execute the command in the same directory as the `.castor.php` file. You can change that by setting the

> `path` argument. Which can be either a relative or an absolute path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`path` argument. It can be either a relative or an absolute path.
```

> `path` argument. Which can be either a relative or an absolute path.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`path` argument. Which can be either a relative or an absolute path:
```

```php

> #[AskTask]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#[AsTask]
```

function foo(): void
{
    exec('pwd', path: '../'); // execute the command in the parent directory of the .castor.php file
    exec('pwd', path: '/tmp'); // execute the command in the /tmp directory
}
```

### Environment variables

By default, Castor will use the same environment variables as the current process. You can add or override environment variables

> by setting the `environment` argument.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
by setting the `environment` argument:
```

```php

> #[AskTask]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#[AsTask]
```

function foo(): void
{
    exec('echo $FOO', environment: ['FOO' => 'bar']); // will print "bar"
}
```

### Processing the output

By default, Castor will forward the stdout and stderr to the current terminal.

> If you do not want to print the output of the command you can set the `quiet` option to `true`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you do not want to print the output of the command you can set the `quiet` option to `true`:
```

```php

> #[AskTask]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#[AsTask]
```

function foo(): void
{
    exec('echo "bar"', quiet: true); // will not print anything
}
```

> You can also fetch the output of the command by using the API of the `Symfony\Component\Process\Process` object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also fetch the output of the command by using the API of the `Symfony\Component\Process\Process` object:
```

```php

> #[AskTask]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#[AsTask]
```

function foo(): void
{
    $process = exec('echo "bar"', quiet: true); // will not print anything
    $output = $process->getOutput(); // will return "bar\n"
}
```

### Pty & Tty

By default, Castor will use a pseudo terminal (pty) to execute the command, which allows to have nice output in most cases.

> For some commands you may want to disable the pty and use a tty instead. You can do that by setting the `tty` option to `true`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For some commands you may want to disable the pty and use a tty instead. You can do that by setting the `tty` option to `true`:
```

```php

> #[AskTask]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#[AsTask]
```

function foo(): void
{
    exec('echo "bar"', tty: true);
}
```

> :warning: When using a tty, the output of the command will not be available in the process object.

> You can also disable the pty by setting the `pty` option to `false`. In this mode no input will be used also.

Reviewer: I don't understand the second sentence. It needs to be reworded

Reviewer 2: @pyrech ref to the previous line "the output of the command will not be available in the process object". But yes, this could be clearer

Reviewer: What about this suggestion:

```suggestion
You can also disable the pty by setting the `pty` option to `false`. This will disable the input too.
```

```php

> #[AskTask]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#[AsTask]
```
